The central SSH object is obj/ssh_connection.  It can act as an independent
object, or it can be inherited and incorporated into another object.  The
SSH connection object inherits the "SSH glue", the interface with the
mudlib which must define the following functions:

    int user_input(string str);

	This function is called by the SSH layer to pass on decrypted
	input.  A return value of 0 indicates that the connection is
	to be closed.  Other return values are of interest only to the
	kernel library; in general, a return value of 1 should be used.

    void set_mode(int mode);

	This function will be called by the SSH layer when user_input()
	returns some values above 1.  It is meaningful only for the
	kernel library and can be empty in other mudlibs.

    int ssh_get_user(string str);

	Returns non-zero if the user exists and can be logged in.  This
	function may be called repeatedly during the login procedure,
	and a returned value of zero will immediately cause user
	authentication to fail.

    int ssh_check_password(string str);

	Returns non-zero if the supplied password is correct, zero otherwise.
	Should the SSH connection object be able to verify a public key for
	the user, this function will not be called at all.

    void ssh_login();

	This function is called when the user logs in, but before any output
	can be generated.

    void ssh_shell();

	This function is called when a shell session has been established
	in a channel for the user, which marks the moment when the user
	can securely send and receive information.

    void create_glue();

	This function is called to initialize the SSH glue.

Additionally, the following functions are masked by the SSH connection
object and are expected to be called by the mudlib:

    int message(string str);

	Called by the mudlib to transmit a message across the connection.
	A return value of FALSE indicates that no more should be sent
	until the next call to message_done().

    int message_done();

	Called when the last message sent has drained from the output buffer.

And last, the following functions in the SSH layer should be called by
the mudlib:

    void start_transport(string version);

	This function should be called after a SSH client has connected and
	the mudlib and the client have exchanged SSH version strings.  The
	argument to the function is the client's version string, stripped of
	any trailing CR and NL characters.

    int receive_message(string str);

	This function should be called with (encrypted) input received on the
	connection.  A return value of 0 indicates that the connection should
	be closed.

    void create_ssh();

	This function should be called to initialize the SSH layer.
